Han Jiyao - Update DG, PPP, and bug fix for Chain (#210)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

> ### Enhanced Find Logic

Author: thx will add

The previous implementation find target is limited to name field only. Hence, extending the find function will increase the user experience by enable them easily search `Person` with `phone`
`email` and `address` field.

> This is done by creating `searchType` model within the `model util` package and extract original `NameCdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` to form `CdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` then create different inherit of three different types of predicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by creating `searchType` model within the `model util` package and extracting the original `NameCdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` to form `CdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` then create different inherit of three different types of predicate.
```
Consider changing the grammar. The part after `CdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` sound abit weird

Author: thx changed

> This is done by creating `searchType` model within the `model util` package and extract original `NameCdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` to form `CdonstrainsKeywordsPreicate` then create different inherit of three different types of predicate.

Author: thx edited

### Enhanced Command Features

#### Chain Command

> This extension allow user to chain multiple commands together, also noted one command fail may lead to following commands invalid (e.g. if create person failed, you cannot edit the newly created person) and exception will throw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows user to chain multiple commands together.

 :information_source: **Note:** A command failure may lead to following commands being invalid (e.g. if create person failed, you cannot edit the newly created person), causing an exception to be thrown.
```

Fix grammar. Suggestion have the note written in the stated format

Author: thanks format changed

#### Range Command

> This extension allow user to perform range of commands base on `index`. Hence, `from/INDEX to/INDEX` is essential in parsing the value of input. The validation of index is similar to original (i.e. the index in edit command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows user to perform range of commands base on `index`. Hence, `from/INDEX to/INDEX` is essential in parsing the value of input. The validation of index is similar to original command (i.e. the index in edit command).
```
Likewise here, note grammar.

#### Batch Command

> This extension focus on matching specific value field (`name phone email address`) and then perform edit or delete operation on the target which satisfy the matching condition. This is achieved by `matchInputStringToIndex` which convert the person that matched the condition and returned as series of command and execute sequentially.

Reviewer 2: I think when referencing class methods I would suggest using this format `class#method()`
```suggestion
This extension focus on matching specific value field (`name phone email address`) and then perform edit or delete operation on the target which satisfy the matching condition. This is achieved by `BatchCommand#matchInputStringToIndex()` which convert the person that matched the condition and returned as series of command and execute sequentially.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension focuses on matching specific value field (`name phone email address`) and then perform edit or delete operation on the target which satisfy the matching condition. This is achieved by `BatchCommand#matchInputStringToIndex()` which converts the person that matched the condition and returned as series of command and execute sequentially.
```
The first sentence sounds abit weird.

Author: thx for method and grammar, edited

#### Combined Feedback message

> The multiple commands executed will return one `CommandResult` which contain the list of result executed feedback message to user and combine them together return as `feedbackToUser`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiple commands executed will return a `CommandResult` which contains a list of feedback messages of the results executed combined together and returned as `feedbackToUser`
```
Not too sure but a suggestion on phrasing

The exported file can be subsequently imported back into any other instance of ContaX, similar to the existing `.json` system of import/export.

### Enhanced Find Logic

The previous implementation of the find function is limited to only searching the name field. The enhancement to the feature allows users to search for `Person` objects by more attributes, including by the `phone`, `email` and `address` fields.
This is done by creating a helper `SearchType` model within the `model.util` package and abstracting the original `NameConstrainsKeywordsPreicate` to form `ConstrainsKeywordsPreicate` then create different inherit of three different types of predicate.
The sequence diagram is as follows:
![Enhanced Find Logic](images/FindCommandSequenceDiagram.png)

### Mass Operation Features

#### Chain Command

> This extension allows user to chain multiple commands together.

Reviewer 3: Grammatical error here.
```suggestion
This extension allows the user to chain multiple commands together.
```

Author: thx changed

:information_source: **Note:** A command failure may lead to following commands being invalid (e.g. if create person failed, you cannot edit the newly created person), causing an exception to be thrown.

The sequence diagram is as follows:
![Chain Command](images/ChainCommandSequenceDiagram.png)

#### Range Command

> This extension allows user to perform range of commands based on `index`. Hence, `from/INDEX to/INDEX` is essential in parsing the value of input. The validation for `INDEX` followed as original edit command index validation.

Reviewer 3: The second sentence is still problematic, I have no idea what you mean to suggest a change. Your latest commit changed the third sentence.

Author: can you check the latest one, I tried rephrase it

Reviewer 3: Ok, the new phrasing is understandable.

The exported file can be subsequently imported back into any other instance of ContaX, similar to the existing `.json` system of import/export.

### Enhanced Find Logic

> The previous implementation find target is limited to name field only. Hence, extending the find function will increase the user experience by enable them easily search `Person` with `phone`
> `email` and `address` field.

Reviewer 3: > increase the user experience

I feel that the phrasing is very off here. Also, the entire paragraph is grammatically incorrect. 
You should not add a break-line in markdown unless absolutely necessary, it does not ignore line-breaks like javadocs.

```suggestion
The previous implementation of the find function is limited to only searching the name field. The enhancement to the feature allows users to search for `Person` objects by more attributes, including by the `phone`, `email` and `address` fields.
```

> This is done by creating `searchType` model within the `model util` package and extracting the original `NameConstrainsKeywordsPreicate` to form `ConstrainsKeywordsPreicate` then create different inherit of three different types of predicate.

Reviewer 3: Please follow java standards when it comes to classes and packages. Can you also check your class names, as per  the previous comment by @Wei-Xinn. The last part of the sentence also completely does not make sense.
```suggestion
This is done by creating a helper `SearchType` model within the `model.util` package and abstracting the original `NameConstrainsKeywordsPreicate` to form `ConstrainsKeywordsPreicate` then create different inherit of three different types of predicate.
```

The sequence diagram is as follows:
![Enhanced Find Logic](images/FindCommandSequenceDiagram.png)

> ### Enhanced Command Features

Reviewer 3: Please change the heading to something more specific, this header does not fit here.
```suggestion
### Mass Operation Features
```

#### Chain Command

This extension allows user to chain multiple commands together.

:information_source: **Note:** A command failure may lead to following commands being invalid (e.g. if create person failed, you cannot edit the newly created person), causing an exception to be thrown.

The sequence diagram is as follows:
![Chain Command](images/ChainCommandSequenceDiagram.png)

#### Range Command

> This extension allows user to perform range of commands base on `index`. Hence, `from/INDEX to/INDEX` is essential in parsing the value of input. The validation of index is similar to original command (i.e. the index in edit command).

Reviewer 3: Why did you use hence here? There is no previous part to hence from, and the second sentence does not make sense.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This extension allows user to perform range of commands based on `index`. Hence, `from/INDEX to/INDEX` is essential in parsing the value of input. The validation of index is similar to original command (i.e. the index in edit command).
```

Author: thx updated, I tried to change sencond sentence

> This extension allows user to perform range of commands base on `index`. Hence, `from/INDEX to/INDEX` is essential in parsing the value of input. The validation of index is similar to original command (i.e. the index in edit command).

Author: updated thx

#### Batch Command

> This extension focuses on matching specific value field (`name phone email address`) and then perform edit or delete operation on the target which satisfy the matching condition. This is achieved by `BatchCommand#matchInputStringToIndex()` which converts the person that matched the condition and returned as series of command and execute sequentially.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by value fields?
```suggestion
This extension allows the editing of `Person` objects that have attributes matching a specific value. Since this matching requires the objects to already exist, only edit and delete operations can be performed. The command translates the `Person` objects matching the condition into a series of indexes and executes the specified command on them sequentially.
```

Author: updated accordingly

> The batch command extract the user input value and match them to create new `Index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The batch command extracts the user input value and match them to create new `Index`.
```

> The batch command extract the user input value and match them to create new `Index`.

Reviewer 3: This part is out of place. Either place it in the paragraph before, or remove it.

The sequence diagram is as follows:
![Input to Index](images/BatchCommandInputToIndexSequenceDiagram.png)

> #### Combined Feedback message

Reviewer 3: There is no need for a separate heading.
